Building a Yelp Clone in Ruby on Rails.

Concepts learned:

The benefits of convention over configuration.
The primary aspects of Rails that utilize this idiom.
Understanding the asset pipeline.
The meaning of skinny controllers over fat controllers and skinny models over fat models and mechanisms to address these.
Working with models

Discuss the role of migrations in relation to source code control and application versioning.
Identify the issues that can arise when doing the following:
Editing migrations.
Deleting migrations.
Using models in a migration.
Apply the following features of ActiveRecord:
Validations.
Associations.
Scopes.
Understand the following features of ActiveRecord:
Callbacks.
Query interface.
Working with controllers

Understanding the relationship between resources and REST.
Understanding nested routing and how to restrict resources routes using except and only.
Describing the Rails routing process from browser request through to controller action.
Understanding how to respond to requests for different formats (e.g. HTML/ JSON) on the same route.
Describing controller filters and how these relate to controller inheritance.
Working with views

Understanding the relationship between link_to and Rails routing.
Differentiating between business logic and presentation logic and understand where in Rails this code should be/
identifying and utilizing the main Rails Rake tasks and generators.




Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
